Xinping threw this woman into the dung for me
It's really cold
I know wrong
I will never have an order to forgive you again
madam madam
Can you say something for me?
Son, today is your birthday.
Happy birthday mom
I wish you too.
Get rid of that dirty woman who betrayed you as soon as possible
prince
Did he really hear it?
What you've done over the years
I don't know how more sensible than that woman
Everyone in the world has the right to blame
Except you don't
Hey
If you mess with me again
I don't mind.
Let me see my hands again
Looks like he didn't hear what we just said
Wei Ting
You came here on purpose today
Just to warn me
Stop touching your little assistant?
It seems
He still doesn't know the true identity of the affair
But
He already knows we're dealing with an affair
So what about this?
We have to do it without realizing it.
Don't get us involved
Don't worry ma'am
I've already arranged this.
Since this woman is shameless
So...
We'll let her roll in the most embarrassing way today
Small tutorial